Six Characters:

Aelfred of Athria - Lord The Tactician, smart, proactive mediator, Sokka, cynical, quick thinking -- risky plans (Ego) (Hero) -> 
Older sister/Older brother.
Saebbi of Mercia - Myrm-Lord The Hothead, energetic, bouncy, and mischievious (Id) (Lancer) -> Mellows out (or not?) 
Cedric of Mercia - Paladin-Jagen, calm and confident, *reserved* and experienced, defensive in mindset (Superego) (Smart Guy) -> Depressed, Gloomy, and Vengeance field (Id)
Elen of Loria - Dancer The Mysterious Waif, shy and quiet (The Chick) -> A blossoming strength of character
Olruna/Orrin/Osric of Umbria - Mercenary, probably. The Rogue, mysterious, streetsmart, and confident (fills the role of the Superego). WE gotta look out for ourselves, boi. Han Solo. (Big Guy)
---
Leolin of Loria- Wyvern Lord - The Honorable Turncoat, full of Zuko-honor (Sixth Ranger) -> unsure of himself

Aelfwynn of Athria - STRONG INDEPENDENT GIRL WHO DON'T NEED NO MAN, BUT YOU KNOW WANTS ONE
Adelbert of Athria - an exile, a tactician type character cold calculus, but also led by his emotions (specifically pride/vengeance and lust)

Hero (Aelfred)
Lancer (Olruna)
Big Guy (Leolin)
Smart Guy (Elen -- LORE)
The Chick (Saebbi - GIRL)
The Sixth Ranger (Turncoat/Token Evil Teammate) -- Cedric fulfills the sixth ranger role, since he becomes token evil teammate... Good VALUE

Aelfred - Ego? (Tactician tendencies -- I'm trying my BEST!)
Cedric - Superego? (Jagen)
Saebbi - Id? ()

There has to be a Brigandia!

Cedric and Seaebbi have a sibling rivalry type dynamic -- hardened veteran and happy-go-lucky movie. Cop dynamic

Example Scene (Outro of Prologue)
# A: Eerie. Bandits this far into Mercia.
C: What were you thinking? You should have fallen back. Fighting that many bandits on your own -- have you two gone mad?
S: Ah, calm down, Cedric! They were nothing we couldn't handle! 
A: Don't jest -- Cedric speaks truly. Without his timely arrival, we would have been in grave danger, Saebbi.
S: What are you glaring at me for?
C: Hmmm... it's eerie. Why would bandits be ranging this far from the foothills?
A: Whatever the reason, we shouldn't wait to find out. We've got to make the monastery at Ren's Brooke before nightfall.
C: Aye. Nettle is probably waiting for us at the bridge.
S: What's the rush, Ced? You've something special planned for tonight? Involving a certain special someone?
C: Huh? No... In any case, it's none of your concern. Let's go.
Cedric leaves.
S: Hah, did you see that Aelfred? He was blushing beet red. How sweet!

Example Scene (Outro Prologue)



