Story Idea 3

Themes: 
Earthier and Grungier than most... Low-magic setting
It has knights and heroes...
However the world does seem to be slowly dying. It's getting worse and worse. People are getting sick. There's reports of monsters in the far reaches. Crops don't grow as well. People are dying in their 30s.
So when a Lorian shows up, claiming he can fix this... well maybe some listen.
Locke calls their land Thanatia, the Land of the Dead. The Isle of the Damned.
Main countries:
Athria - Southern land of beaches and forests, famous for its libraries. Has the best tacticians
Mercia - Middle land of hills and mountains -- a land of warriors, yet often plagued by bandits from the West
Umbria - Northern land of swamps, marshes, and coves -- a land of thieves and spies. Athria and Mercia lost diplomatic contact with Umbria many years ago.
Loria - A mystical land across the water. Lorians conquered this land a nearly 600 years ago, but left unexpectedly in the past 200 years. Famous for its mages and wyverns, which were brought to Thanatia.

Only Dark and Light Magic, which are effective versus one another and uneffective versus the same
Dark Magic does debuffs, AOE attacks, and weird effects (like summons, warping). Less Accurate more damage spells.
Light Magic does healing, buffs, and single target long range damage. More accurate, less damage spells.

Main protagonist's internal conflict is about death. Throughout the first 2/3rds, he always tries to find a way to keep everyone alive -- using and abusing the Waif's power to return his comrades to life. But, he eventually realizes that this is not good. He has been furthering the destruction of the natural balance and increasing the Rot. He comes to accept that death must be accepted on its own -- which is in opposition to Locke's psychological need to defeat death at any cost -- even if the life granted is not worth living

Environment vision is pre-medieval to medieval Britain. Green meadows, rolling hills, ancient forests -- but contrasted by the Rot... dead land, Lorian ruins.
Colors greens and browns, small yellow, blue for background. Gray, black, dark brown, white, red, purple for rot.

Character vision
Clothing should be scrappy, ragged, even for lords. The world is dying -- we're just living in it.

6 plot safe characters
- Prot (smart, well-spoken, not aggressive) - Sword (command spell)
- Waif (shy, mysterious, broken) - Dancer
- Friend (assertive, forthright, active) - Sword
- Slate (snarky, sarcastic, but with a heart of gold) - Sword
- Dark/Jagen (jovial, protective -> brooding, aggressive) - Lance
- Drake (honorable) - Axe

Part 1 -- Introductions
The world is falling apart. Bandits roam the land. People are growing sick. Crops are not growing. War is brewing in the south
Rescue/Find Elen from Monsters
Character Introduction to Alfred, Saebbi, Cedric, Aelfwynn, Elen
Initial Unit gathering
Some groups have started rebelling against the Kingdoms, fueled by their own misfortune
Monsters have started appearing -- the Rot
Some darker force is experimenting with the Rot
Prologue: Alfred and Saebbi are accosted by Bandits looking for easy money -- rescued by Cedric and Millie
Chapter 1: Travel to Village nearby, but head through Umbrian ruins. Attacked by monsters.
Chapter 2: Defend village nearby, my brother lives there! from monsters. Saved by Aelfwynn
Chapter 3: Umbrian army (in disguise) accosts girl. Alfred intervenes. Monsters appear, attack Umbrians
Chapter 4: Arrive in Athria, where the Athria army is attacking a village. Talk with Sig and Synne, find out the army seems to have gone rogue, blah blah blah
Part 2 -- Intrigue in Athria
Introductions to Adelbert, Lewelyn, Lywark
Find out Elen is Lywark's daughter
Lewelyn is seen as a honorable, good-natured man who unfortunately follows his fathers every move
Meet Reed and his crew who tell Alfred how to rescue Juniper
Rescue Juniper, Alfred's stepmother, at the behest of Johannes
Adelbert is a poor ruler, not able to keep control over his army or his taxmen
Lywark has taken/destroyed the Athrian seal
A.1x: Lewelyn believes them, asks them to investigate ruins, when bandits attack
A.1y: Sig and Synne are in distress
A.1z: ??
A.2: Johannes asks for help rescuing his liege... Reed overhears them in Inn, offers his services if they scratch his back
A.3: Rescue Juniper from castle, escape!
Part 3 -- Escape to Mercia
Lewelyn nevertheless follows his fathers orders
Monster attacks growing more frequent
Rescue by Caelwulf's retainers
Adelbert lusts after Juniper to the point of madness
Part 4 -- Intrigue in Mercia
The darker force that's experimenting with the Rot seems to be Umbria, but perhaps they have good intentions
Lore about the seals is discussed
Bandit attacks, Geddish pirates
More Monster attacks
Attack on castle by Athrian Army! -- It was unexpected!
Alfred's army is routed and escapes, at the behest of King Caelwulf
Aelfwynn is killed, sick in her bed
Alfred, Elen, Cedric are captured
Part 5 -- Prison Break
Alfred is broken out of prison by Reed and his gang
They escape but are apprehended by Lewelyn.
Helped by an old acquaitance of a rival mercenary group -- Audrea and co.
They meet up with old army -- monster attack.
Olivia arrives, reveals Reed is Osric, and directs them to Umbria
Part 6 -- Intrigue in Umbria
Children are going missing
Godwin and Ingrid come to Alfred and co for help
They meet Queen Ursa
Iris is revealed as broken sister of Osric
More monster attacks
Lewelyn defects
The Athria army seems to be using the Rot as a weapon -- Lywark is behind this.
The Umbrian and Athria army + monsters clash, when Umbria is routed, Ursa unleashes the superweapon
Alfred and co kill Adelbert in the midst of battle
Lywark sacrifices the remainder of his army to destroy the Umbrian seal and escapes to Loria
Part 7 -- Lorian Showdown
Nyssa, a Lorian priestess placed in suspended animation arrives at the level of Rot.
More monster fights
They arrive in the old Lorian capital -- monster fights
They approach the Gate of the Dead, where they are ambushed. Elen is captured, The rest are killed
Elen shudders, opening the Gate of the Dead
Lywark is reunited with Edelyn, but something is wrong. They are broken
Lywark is killed by the death energies
They have to reseal the gate in final battle!



Lywarks' plan is explained

Prot is kept as ward of neighboring kingdom, Mercia
Chapter 1: Prot and PRincess are ambushed by Bandits -- this is normallish
Saved by timely arrively of Cedric and Cleric.
Chapter 2: Go back to monastery, which they find under assault by BANDITS
Beat back the bandits -- recruit Archer and Knight
Chapter 3: Stop over in village. Village is attacked by monsters.
- Recruit Fighter (Boy with a heart of gold) and (Aelfwynn/Troubadour) (with news of the King's untimely demise)
Chapter 4: Soemthing happens, you are wounded/killed -- healed/resurrected by turnwheel waif -- also summons  monsters
-- Chapter 5: Rout map with houses to save...
- Prot: Sword Lord
- Dark, Friend's older brother: Lance Cavalier
- ???: Cleric
- Friend: Sword Girl
Prot deals with Bandits (1 through 3)
On beginning of 2:
- Jovial Knight Boy
- Sarcastic Archer Girl
Possible rescue in 3:
- Fighter: Bandit with a heart of gold
Prot rescues or is rescued by Red, his/her older sister (3?)
- Red: Paladin -- who is sick throughout most of the game
- ??: Troubadour, Red's friend
Prot hears that his/her father has died or is dying from Red
They make to travel back to Mercia -- but are sent out with companions
Prot rescues Waif from Monsters/Bandits (4)
Later on, also hears that Bert, Prot's older brother has returned from exile with an army at his back and a mysterious benefactor (Locke)
Waif exclaims surprise, but keeps quiet
- Waif: Dancer, and Turnwheel, and Dark Magic
Encounter men from Locke's Black Army, under Mercian uniforms looting a village, and decide to save it. (5)
- ??: Axe Cavalier
- ??: Girl Thief
As they near Athria, Waif refuses to go inside
Prot meets with Bert, they missed the funeral.
The king was a cripple from the waist down
The king is dead, the King's new wife Jade has been locked up... apparently beside herself in grief (I wouldn't disturb her)
They also find out the blood seal has been given to Locke
Deal with a couple of things for Bert, ostensibly bandits, actually monsters - notice recent ritual circles. (6)
Before:
- Asser: a learned-monk: Cleric?
During:
- Umbrian Pegasus Girl
- Umbrian Sword Cavalier
- Umbrian Princess Pegasus Knight, who leaves them behind
Meeting clandestinely with Jade, they find out her husband was killed, poisoned...
At some point, they meet Drake, Locke's son. (7)
They plan a daring rescue of Jade, and flee for Mercia. (8)
In the chaos, Bert kills Red.
- Jade: Cleric
Drake (Locke's son & Wyvern Lord), pursues them
Fight monsters (9)
Fight Athrian Army, where Drake lets them escape (10)
Locke berates Drake for letting him down.
Drake, hoping to make it up in his father's eyes, tells him about Waif
Make it into Mercia, where they meet with Warrior King to make plans.
Locke attacks during the knight, with magic and monsters. (11)
- King Mercia's bodyguard: Wyvern Knight (F)
- King Mercia's bodyguard: Sentinel (M)
Warrior King is killed.
Waif, Dark, and Prot are captured, but everyone else escapes to ~.
Interogated by Locke, but left to stew. Some of his plans are laid bare. So much death, a pity. I want my wife back.
Slate's crew busts them out (12)
 - Slate: Mercenary
 - Chatter: Thief
 - Green: Skirmisher
 - Isail: Dark Mage (second hint that Umbria is also experimenting with this)
They escape, Drake meets with them and attacks Waif (13)
 - Kara: Myrmidon
 - Tender: Brigand
 - ??: Nomad
 Maybe a chapter 11x (with the rest of the army fighting monsters/and/or Locke and/or/Bert)
Eventually, they are reunited with rest of army, (who are under attack by Bert, Bert escapes) (14)
Drake and Bert reunite with Locke. 
Can we trust Umbria? A land of spies and thieves
Travel to Umbria (Fight, monsters/bandits) (14)
- Princess: Pegasus Knight
Umbria welcomes them, where they find out Slate is Umbrian royalty, and his sister is that pegasus knight from before
Deal with a peasant rebellion... (15) + Intrigue in the city (people going missing in the city)
- Halberdier?
- Great Knight?
Drake goes on a covert mission to get Waif for the ritual, is apprehended. The army appears. (16)
Locke and Bert attack Umbria with monsters (17)
In the chaos, Drake turns, unwilling to be part of these monstrous attacks
- Warlock
- Drake: Wyvern Lord
Umbria unleashes a superweapon of there own (sacrificing Jade?'s sister -- then they attempt to bring her back through the gate, but it fails -- horribly)
Which destroys most of the city
Monster fight (18)
Prot pursues Bert. Bert is totally insane at this point. Dark slays him (19)
They venture to the City of the Dead (20)
- Cleric GOTOH (Light and Dark)
In the City, they fight Locke's army. (21)
In which they think they have succeeded, but its actually a trap, and Prot, Dark, and Slate are killed.
There's actually 2 rituals (3 kings for unsealing gate). And The Waif bangs on the door.
It was sealed long ago by the blood of three kings, and can only be opened the same way. I'd rather it be the living blood. No, there must be a good reason for it to be sealed. They didn't know what they were dealing with. I do. I can release the gate. The dead can come back.
No, it doesn't work. They tried in Umbria. She came back, but she wasn't the same...
The waif is captured, and told to knock on the gate, but she refuses.
He orders them killed
Now, girl, shudder, if you want them back. She shudders and the gates swing open. 
They are resurrected, their souls not having left the earthly plane
The gate is opened and Locke's wife comes out. But she's not right. Bert. Others start pouring out of the gate, and they have to seal it back up by spilling the blood of three kings. Or destroy the gate for good. The dead and the living cannot linger, the world is now slowly dying. Locke is killed, and he and his wife disintegrate. The Rot continues, so they have to finish fast. (22)
Any of your dead units also respawn.

- Need to consider what intrigue happens to prepare the reader for Umbrian superweapon. 

History before game:
- 200 years ago: The Four Kings (Lorwick, Mercyn, Atherwald, and Umber) seal the Rot Machine, for some time.
- 100 years ago: Loria, a scattered kingdom of the Old Talian Empire, has some unspecified disaster involving Old Talian technology. Most of Loria is destroyed.
- 30 years ago: Athelwulf, Caelwulf go on adventures.
- 3 years ago: Athelwulf exiles his firstborn son, Adelbert. Why?
- 2 years ago: Lywark destroys/removes the first seal of Loria. The world starts getting much worse -- plagues, sicknesses, crops don't grow as well.
- 6 months ago: Adelbert meets Lywark in the ruins of Loria. Lywark has been studying the ancient artifacts and believes they are the key to bringing his beloved back. Lywark convinces Adelbert he can raise him to his rightful throne. Actually, he wants the seals to unlock the Gate of the Damned.
- 4 months ago: Umbrian Queen begins experimenting with dark magic.
- 1 month ago: Adelbert and Lywark kill Athelwulf. Lywark convinces Adelbert that he can conquer the other 2 kingdoms. Really, Lywark just wants the Seals.
- 2 weeks ago: Lywark, using two of the seals, attempts to bring back his beloved through the body of Elen. It doesn't work. Elen escapes.

Characters:
Alfred of Athria (Eliwood Lord)
Saebbi of Mercia (Myrmidon)
Cedric (Cedd) of Mercia (Lance Cavalier)
Millie of Mercia (Cleric)

Nettle of Mercia (Archer)
Bjorn of the Northlands (Knight)

Rudolf of Mercia (Fighter)

Ina of Athria (Troubadour)
Aelfwynn (Wynn) of Athria (Paladin)*

Elen of Loria (Mystic)

Athelwulf of Athria **
Adelbert (Bert) of Athria (??)**
Lywark of Loria (Warlock)**
Lewelyn (Lewis) of Loria (Wyvern Knight)**
Osric of Umbria (Vanguard) **

Sigered of Pembroke (Axe Cavalier)
Synne of Pembroke (Thief)

Olivia of Umbria (Falco Knight)** 
Edwin of Umbria (Sword Cavalier)
Eowa of Umbria (Pegasus Knight)

?? of ?? (Phantom/Brigand/Raider)
?? of ?? (MageF)

Yohannes of Saxony (Shaman)
Juniper (June) of Saxony (Valkyrie)

Rhun of the Northlands (Sentinel)
Frieda of the Northlands (Wyvern Knight)

Caelwulf of Mercia (Berserker) **

?? of ?? (Cleric)

?? of ?? (MercenaryF)
?? of ?? (Griffin)
?? of ?? (??)

Edelyn of Loria **

Osric of Umbria (Vanguard)
Sorrel of West Talia (Thief)
Clover of West Talia (Cleric, ironically)
Iris of Umbria (Shaman)

Audrea of Athria (Swordmaster)
Theodric of the Northlands (Fighter/Berserker/Warrior)
Mael of Eiria (Nomad)

Godwin of Umbria (Great Knight)
Ingrid of Umbria (Halberdier)

?? of ?? (Sniper)
?? of ?? (SageM)

?? of ?? (Assassin)
?? of ?? (Dragoon)
?? of ?? (General)

Nyssa of Loria (Oracle)

Removing RES stat
MAG Hit% is now 2xSKL + LCK/2
MAG Avoid% is now 2xMAG + LCK
MAG Resist is now MAG

- Classes
- Thief (Sword) -> Assassin (Sword/Bow)
    Low HP, Low STR, High SKL and SPD, Low DEF and RES
    Deals ability damage on attack
    Can move through enemies
    Lethality
    Fades after successful kill
- Myrmidon (Sword) -> Swordmaster (Sword)
    Low STR, High SKL and SPD, Low DEF, High RES
    +Chance of Crit
    Can Double on Defense
    Does extra damage on defense
    +Avoid against non-adjacent enemies
- Mercenary (Sword) -> Vanguard (Sword/Axe)
    Med STR, High SKL, Med SPD, Med DEF, Low RES
    +Damage while attacking
    Armsthrift
    Sol
    Poise
- Soldier (Lance) -> Halberdier (Lance)
    Med STR, High SKL, Low SPD, Med DEF, Med RES
    Extra Feats
    Luna
    Solidarity
    +Chance of Crit
- Knight (Lance) -> General (Lance/Sword)
    Med STR, Med SKL, Low SPD, High DEF, Med RES
    Provoke
    Reposition
    Slow
    Block -> allies adjacent to me have my LCK% chance of taking half damage
- Brigand (Axe) -> Berserker (Axe)
    High HP, High STR, Low SKL, Med SPD, Low DEF, low RES
    Regeneration
    Rage (+Stats, +Movement, AI-controlled) (Passive, based on number of combats)
    +Chance of Crit
    Ignores Terrain
- Fighter (Axe) -> Warrior (Axe/Bow)
    High HP, High STR, Med SKL, Low SPD, Med DEF, Low RES
    Cleave (Passive)
    Deals extra damage based on weight of weapon
    Extra Feats
    Smite (Pushes enemies)
- Sentinel (Axe) -> Sentinel (Great Knight) (Axe/Lance)
    High STR, Low SKL, Low SPD, High DEF, Low RES
    Defensive Aura
    On attack, DEF +10
    Ignore Status Effects
    ??
- Archer (Bow) -> Sniper (Bow)
    Med STR, High SKL, Med SPD, Low DEF, Low RES
    +Damage on attacking
    +Chance of Crit
    +1 Range with Bows
    + Accuracy on attacking
- Cavalier (??) -> Paladin (?? + ??)
    Med STR, Med SKL, Med SPD, Med DEF, Med RES
    Canto
    Elbow Room
    Does extra damage based on movement
    ??
- Nomad (Bow) -> Ranger (Bow/Lance)
    Med STR, Med SKL, High SPD, Low DEF, Med RES
    Canto+
    Ignores Terrain
    Evades AOE
    ??
- Pegasus Knight (Lance) -> Falco Knight (Lance/Sword)
    Low STR, Med SKL, High SPD, Low DEF, High RES
    Canto + Flying
    Does not get counterattacked
    RES +10
    ??
- Wyvern Knight (Axe) -> Wyvern Lord (Axe/Lance)
    High STR, Low SKL, Med SPD, High DEF, Low RES
    Canto + Flying
    +Damage when attacking
    Savage Blow on finishing move
    +Damage versus unmounted enemies
- Griffin Knight (Sword) -> Griffin Lord (Sword/Axe)
    Med STR, High SKL, Low SPD, Med DEF, Med RES
    Canto + Flying
    +Critical while attacking
    Galeforce
    Avoid Aura
- Lord (Sword) -> Great Lord (Sword/??)
    Med STR, High SKL, Med SPD, Med DEF, Med RES
    Command (another unit gains Offensive bonus this turn)
    ??
    ??
    Aether
- Mystic
    Low MAG, Med SKL, High SPD, Low DEF, High RES -- Squishy Long-range
    Refresh
    + Luck Avoid and Accurary when under 50% HP
    ??
    ??
- Cleric (Light) -> Oracle (Light)
    Med MAG, High SKL, Med SPD, Low DEF, High RES -- healer
    Heals extra
    Miracle
    ??
    ??
- Troubadour (Light) -> Valkyrie (Light)
    Med MAG, Med SKL, High SPD, Low DEF, Med RES -- Quick-moving battlefield support
    Canto
    Inspire Aura
    ??
    ??
- Shaman (Dark) -> Warlock (Dark)
    High MAG, Low SKL, Low SPD, High DEF, Low RES -- Battlemage
    + Damage when attacking 
    Can Warp to Other Allies
    Anti-Avoid Aura  
    Lifetaker on units turn
- Mage (Dark) -> Sage (Dark)
    Med MAG, Med SKL, Med SPD, Low DEF, Med RES -- Trick Mage
    Replicate
    +Damage/Accuracy versus units wielding metal weapons
    ??
    ??
    

=== Enemy only ===
Channeler
    High MAG, High SKL, Low SPD, Low DEF, Low RES
    Must setup to attack, targets an area

Ballista
    Med STR, Low SKL, Low SPD, Low DEF, Low RES
    Long-Range

Zombie
    High HP, High STR, Low SKL, Low SPD, Low DEF, Low RES
    Regenerates

Skeleton
    Low HP, Med STR, Med SKL, High SPD, Med DEF, Low RES

Mauthedoog
    Low STR, High SKL, High SPD, Low DEF, Med RES

Wizard Eye
    Med Mag, Med SKL, Med SPD, Low DEF, High RES
    Flying

Gargoyle
    Med STR, Med SKL, Med SPD, Med Def, Med RES
    Flying

Tarvos
    Med STR, Med SKL, High SPD, Med DEF, Low RES
    Cleave

Spider
    High STR, Low SKL, Low SPD, High DEf, Low RES
    Can move through any terrain
    Ability Drain on hit

Gorgon
    High Mag, Low SKL, High SPD, Low DEF, High RES
    Aura that both buffs monsters and debuffs your units
    Summons pillars that damage enemies

Cyclops
    High HP, High STR, Low SKL, Low SPD, Med DEF, Med RES
    Automatically Cleaves whenever hit

Dracozombie
    High HP, Med MAG, --, Low SPD, Med DEF, High RES
    Ignores defenses. Attack's can't be blocked
    Does AOE cone damage

Demon
    High HP, High STR, High MAG, Med SKL, Med SPD, Med DEF, High RES
    Summons enemies
    Enervates those it hits (Permanent Level Drain)
    Aura that debuffs your units

All units have there bronze weapons, which have infinite uses
There is no money
Whenever a unit dies, you automatically get its weapons, what it was carrying
However, items often have much less uses. An enemy unit might have 2 uses of an Iron Sword, and then his/her bronze sword
You can combine weapons of the same type.
When an ally unit dies, you get their Grave Weapon, which is an often powerful weapon with a unique effect

Weapons
For all weapons (Sword, Lance, Axe, Bow):
Bronze (Birch) - Cantrip, very weak, medium accuracy, Medium-Low Weight
Iron (Willow) - Low Damage, high accuracy, Medium Weight
Steel (Oak) - High Damage, Low Accuracy, High weight
Mithril (Yew) - Medium-High Damage, Medium-High Accuracy, Small Crit Chance, Medium-Low Weight
Killer - Medium Damage, Medium Accuracy, Medium Weight, High Crit

Swords:
Duskblade - As Shine, but in sword
Dawnblade - As Shade, but in sword
Mageslayer - Silences on Hit, +10 RES
Wyrmslayer - +Damage versus Dragons
Slim - +Avoid, Low damage

Lances:
Javelin - Range 1-2, Low Damage, Low Accuracy, High Weight
Pike - +Accuracy versus Horses, Slows on Hit
Glaive - +DEF, -SPD

Axes:
Hand Axe - Range 1-2, Low Damage, Low Accuracy, High Weight
Hammer - Ignores DEF, Low Accuracy, High Weight
Hatchet - Low Damage but accurate

Bows:
Longbow - Range 2-4, Medium Damage, Low Accuracy, High Weight

Light:
Glare - Low Damage, High Accuracy -15% accuracy on hit, cantrip
Shine - Medium Damage, High Accuracy -30% accuracy on hit

D:
Heal - RNG 0-1 Heal
Fortune - RNG 1-5 +50% Accuracy
Light - Brighten FOW around area
C:
Mend - AOE Heal
Lightning - RNG 1-8 Damage
Rune - RNG 1-5 Rune on ground blocks all non-flying movement for X rounds
Restore - RNG 0-1 Removes ALL status effects
B:
Physic - RNG 1-8 Heal
Rally - RNG 0, Medium AOE +4 to All Stats for a turn
Sunspear - RNG 1-8 Much Damage. Blinds
Holy Armor - RNG 0-1 +7 DEF, all weapon attacks SMITE
Silence - RNG 1-8 Silences
A:
Wrath - RNG 1-8 Damage ignores all defenses can't miss
Rescue - RNG 1-8 Bring any unit close by

Dark:
Gloom - Medium Damage, Low Accuracy -15% avoid on hit, cantrip
Shade - High Damage, Low Accuracy -30% avoid on hit

D:
Wyrmsfire - RNG 2 AOE
?? - RNG 0-1 +4 ATK, +2 MOV, -4 DEF, -4 MAG, Cannot Counterattack
C:
Hex - RNG 1-8 -4 to all stats for a turn
Phase - RNG 0-1 Grants all terrain movement and ignore enemies for X rounds or until you attack
Summon I - Summons a low-level monster
Fireball - RNG 3 Medium AOE
B:
Stun - RNG 1-8 Stun for one turn
Summon II - Summons a medium-level monster
Tempest - RNG 1-8 Large AOE
?? - Repairs a Grave Weapon
A:
Summon III - Summons a high-level monster
Geas - Take control over a non-boss enemy for 3 turns
Warp - RNG 1-8 Bring any unit far away

Grave Weapons:
Weirder Spell Effects
Master Weapons
Reaver Weapons
Brave Weapons

Items:
Vulnerary - Heal 15
Potion - Heal 30
Elixir - Heal All, Remove all Statuses

Spiritbane - +10 Resistance to Magic for one turn
Ironskin - +10 Resistance to Physical for one turn

Promotion Items
Stat Increase Items (maybe/maybe not?)
Temporary Stat Increase Items (Crests)
- Bull Crest + STR
- Owl Crest + MAG
- Fox Crest + SKL
- Eagle Crest + LCK
- Bear Crest + DEF
- Falcon Crest + SPD
Level Gain Items
Grave -> Unit Item
Unit gains Grave weapon at the cost of some number of negative levels (Item or Spell)

Maybe only 3 inventory slots? (Or 4 with locked cantrips?)
















