Compilation of Changes from Level Editor Branch to Master 9-22-18

- Major Changes:
Graphical Level Editor now available for use.
Accompanying this, the wiki has been set up to provide aspiring fangame creators with a brief but comprehensive tutorial on creating your own levels using the Lex Talionis Engine
Critical animations for all default classes now available
Regular animations for Sentinel, Halberdier, Skirmisher, Bowssassin, & Female Soldier
Added two new difficulties (Lunatic & Grandmaster). Lunatic is for those who desire a much more challenging core TLT experience, while Grandmaster is for those who wish to exercise their tactical wit. All RNG has been removed from the game in Grandmaster mode.


- Core Gameplay:
Slight nerf to Halberdier promotion gains
Halberdier loses access to Axes
General gains access to Axes
Sandblast default number of uses lowered to 5 from 10
Casual mode now allows you to make a Battle Save at any time
End-game adamant weapons have been buffed (-2 weight, +10 accuracy added to each)

- Engine Changes:
Added ability to change the constants in combat equations/calculations (like Accuracy is 2xSKL or 3xSKL)
Can now change how weapon advantage works
Items can now give more than 1 wexp on use
Can now create promotion items and can turn off auto-promoting at max level
Moved fight quote info script into each individual level
Effective items now determine their level of effectivenesss individually
Game Constants and Counters are now one Counter object: game_constants. Event Triggers is now antoher Counter object: level_constants
Display now tells user when he/she is changing text speed
Added Triggers (Different method to easily move groups of units at a time)
Added Lord Only Seize and Enemy Seize
Added event triggers on enemy turn start, unit ending its turn, and using an item with the call_item_script component
Updated how Event combat works. Can now define exactly what actions each unit will attempt
Individual spell and effect palettes are now available for use.
Lots of new combat sounds added
Updating setting up your own AI to be more user friendly and also work better
Added Damage numbers to both kinds of combat animations
Added Hybrid display for Grandmaster mode
Added better talk marker
Added Simple Debug Console
Added support for destructible tiles
Added support for in-game enemy growth increase
Added support for custom banner pop-ups
Added better support for Pick Units menu
Added debug "wizard mode". Press "D" when cheat=1
Added support for Preloaded levels, to make testing later levels in your fangame much easier.
Added new terrain layer system to make dynamically changing the terrain of the level much easier on the level designer
Added choice dialogue boxes

Fe Repo Script created
Animation Gif Maker Created

- Bug Fixes: 
Inserting and removing items sometimes didn't affect items with passive statuses
Minimap is now generated better
Dialogue box size and position is now more faithful to the GBA Engine (which is an improvement)
Fixed some bugs that were possible in Battle Animations with weird animations
Now mostly compliant with both Python 2 and Python 3

- Removed:
Can no longer designate a normal_movement cost greater than 1
Weapons can no longer have more than one weapon TYPE
Promoting now resets level back to 1

Warning:
Old saves will not work with v0.8.0. Sorry. There's nothing groundbreaking in this update for the base game, so if you're still playing TLT, just keep going and then you can upgrade to this version if you want to try out anything new.


Still ToDo:
Mac Build?
New Game, maybe?
Turnwheel
Supports
Total control over stats and combat calculations
Dialogue Tester/Editor?
Game Editor?
Awakening Style UI updates
Warning/Danger markers (for effective weapons, reavers, killers, etc.)